Well, good evening, everybody.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
Sorry I'm late.
I had a lot to do today.
I'm going to go over a little bit of some of the things the Lord showed us yesterday in prayer, and we'll see if Braden had time to look at any news to see if there's any news or whatever.
But we're just going to pray tonight.
We're going to pray for our troops.
As Iran says if they have a ground invasion, "We're going to burn them alive," and the things that they're saying.
I say, "No, you're not.
We're not going to allow that.
We're going to protect them in the spirit.
We're going to protect them in the natural.
" You know, and I truly believe that as we come together tonight, we can change things.
As I was praying today, I spent most of the day in prayer.
I was looking clear into July a lot, and I kept going into July, and I kept praying around July.
And regardless, I'm going to be real with you for what I keep seeing: this is not going to end fast.
This is something that they'll try to draw out clear into the summer, late summer, to try to keep escalating for midterms.
There's something more sinister behind it.
But when I'm seeing it concerning midterms, praying over our troops on the ground, praying over strikes on our own bases, and continuing to pray over these lone wolf attacks and for our own electric grid, all the things concerning America, there's a lot here.
And as I was praying into it, it's a lot.
I told you I was talking to Diana as we were praying today, and I was really pushing hard because I know after I had that visitation from Sister Lucy that went home to be with the Lord in heaven, and Brother Hagin, the things they told me, I was practicing it today and really jumping in the rivers.
And I want to say this right off the bat: there's a lot of people who said, "Brandon, you're talking to the dead.
You're talking to familiar spirits.
" No, no.
I went through a portal to heaven, where I believe that I'll be one day.
And if the Lord tarries, if somebody was to need to speak to me and have a word over there, and it was direction from things that were in when they were on the earth or whatever, the messages from the Lord, this isn't demonic.
Some people are like, "Brandon, you're talking to familiar spirits.
You're talking to the dead.
" And I said, "No, this is ignorance.
" Brandon would be the last person, I'm going to tell you.
I know the difference.
And when the glory of the Lord's there, and you're in a portal, and you're talking to people that are in heaven, and you're hearing the holy angel choirs, and you're experiencing the beautiful fragrance of heaven, there's nothing demonic about it.
Now, you talking to Cousin George in your house, and you're walking around talking and hearing voices in your home and knocking, you know, that's just Casper that's over there, and he's knocking on the door over there.
You know, "Oh, that was Grandpa.
He's just visiting.
" That's a demonic spirit.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
The moment you die, either you're in heaven or you're going to hell.
There is no in-between.
There's no purgatory.
There's nothing.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, or you're in hell.
But I want to tell you, when you are able to go in the spirit into heaven, and see into heaven, and see the things that the Lord has for us, like even the disciples did.
You know, the Book of Revelation talks all about what he was shown in a vision, and the things that he had, I believe, an out-of-body experience, with the Father showing him everything about heaven.
There were a lot of things in tribulation, and we're talking over 2,000 years ago.
He didn't know what he was seeing.
But when you're looking over, and the Lord's allowing you to look over, it's so real and it's right in front of your face.
And so, a lot of people don't know what travail is.
I didn't realize when the Lord said to me, "I want you to go on YouTube and teach people prayer.
" And I knew there were a lot of veterans that were joining up with the WWPs, with Billy's group.
There are a lot of WWPs, Worldwide Prayers, that come over here.
But I have a lot of babies, a lot of people.
And if you remember when I told you I didn't want to do this, I was walking out, and there was a huge auditorium that was a school.
It was a school, but it was a PE room, like where you go and do physical education in your school, where it would be a cafeteria or whatever, but it's cleared out for physical education classes at school, PE class.
I was at a school, and there were little children everywhere at the school, and the Lord said, "Teach my people to pray.
" And I said, "No, I don't want to.
" I walked out in this dream, and I walked out of this vast auditorium because I was hurt.
I was offended by the church, and I was turned around by a whirlwind.
And I could see in the sky the moon was divided in half with an eclipse.
Actually, it was the sun.
It was an eclipse.
It wasn't the moon; it was the sun that was an eclipse.
I could see it was almost completely blacked out.
I could hear the sirens blowing all around me.
And I could see the sky was divided with black and blue.
It was completely blacked out, and one side of the sky was completely blue, and I could hear tornado sirens, and I knew there was something very wrong.
And he said, "Go in and teach the children to pray.
" So I went into the cafeteria where everybody was at, and everybody started sitting around me, and there were kids all around me, and he said, "Teach them.
" So I started teaching prayer in this vast auditorium full of children, and I woke up.
I knew then the Lord—I said, "Lord, how do I teach people to pray?
I don't even know what I'm doing.
What do you want me to do?
" He said, "By example.
Show them how to enter into the rivers, how you've learned from people, from Pastor Terry and Gina.
" And there were so many that I learned from, Iva.
They all led prayer, and I would listen working for the ministry.
I was in the back, and I would listen to Pastor Terry.
They would have prayer on Thursdays.
Mondays was healing school, and I listened to that, and there were pastors leading healing school and praying for the sick and stuff on Mondays.
On Thursdays, they had prayer school.
So I would clean and mop the foyer, and vacuum, and do prayer.
They did prayer on Thursdays, and I would hear a lady named Annie; she was there and she would do prayer.
There were several others.
But every Thursday, I would take my breaks around.
Me and a lady named Jan, she would clean with me, and we would clean the church together, and I was the church mouse.
I stayed in there and I cleaned the nurseries.
But I would listen to Brother Hagin, and I would listen to Pastor Terry, and I would listen to these others continually on Thursdays, and that's where I learned prayer.
I worked there for over four years, and I listened to the prayer every Thursday, and I just kept developing and kept developing.
And then whenever I quit, I thought, "Man, I'm going into full-time ministry.
" And the Lord said, "No, you're going to be an armor bearer for the pastor in Oklahoma City.
" So, I went to Oklahoma City, and the Lord had me there for 13 years praying, and I did Saturday morning prayer, and I just kept working at it and working at it.
There'd be, you know, 100 people show up, if that; sometimes less than 20 because it was early in the mornings on Saturdays.
Long story short, I thought that was the dream until the Lord said, "I want you to go on YouTube and tell them the things that I have showed you.
" But then he said, "I don't want you to do that anymore.
I want you to do prayer every single time.
" And I thought, "There is nobody going to come and pray on YouTube.
" I mean, in my mind, that's what I'm thinking.
I'm not vocalizing that; I'm saying it in my mind.
And I know he hears your thoughts, but I was thinking, "Nobody's going to show up and pray.
Why would anybody come and pray on YouTube?
" But he said, "I want you to go live, and I want you to start doing these live prayer sessions.
" I was so nervous when I first did my first one.
I created a "Pray With Me" by Kenneth E.
Hagin, and it went viral, and then everybody and their brother copied it and put it all over.
All the original "Pray With Me" that you see on there, "Pray with Kenneth Hagin for 30 minutes," came from my idea that I got from the Holy Spirit.
I created that, and then the ministry took it down because I had over a million hits and they didn't want that.
So they took that video down, but then it was spread so much, it was all around the world.
So every one of those is an original from me creating it back then because I didn't know how to pray by myself on the internet.
And so I started taking Sister Lynn and some of these other ministries, and I started making "Pray With Me.
" Then the Lord said, "You're done with those.
You're to pray by yourself now.
" And I thought, "Pray by myself now?
How am I going to do that?
" He said, "Just do it.
" So, I did that for about, what was it, six months, praying by myself?
I'd been praying with the others for about six months, Braden.
Yeah.
And so, we did that.
I did that, and you'll see the videos.
Some of them are still there.
But then the Lord said, "I want you to go on live by yourself.
" So, I thought, "I can't do this.
I'm taking the training wheels off.
" And so, that's where we are now.
A lot of people wanted to know more about why I do what I do.
I'm just kind of answering some questions right now, but they didn't understand what groaning in the spirit was.
People didn't have a clue.
So I'm going to bring out clips of groaning in the spirit, what it truly is.
People are saying, "Is it a demon?
" I said, "No.
" This is where it goes in the river, what I call these rivers, the pulses of the Holy Spirit.
When you go to another level of groaning in the spirit, it's anointed prayer, but it goes into where your tongues—it's like a travail.
It comes into a travail where you feel like you are birthing a child.
That's what I would call it in the spirit.
Now, I know a woman's going to say, "Brandon, you have no idea what you're talking about.
" I'm doing the best I can, ladies.
I'm sorry.
My wife, of course, could tell you, like any other woman who has had children, what it's like to go through labor, but a man has no idea.
So I try to do my best of explaining what I feel like it is in the spirit: it's birthing something in the spirit.
It's birthing.
So it's groanings.
It comes up out of your spirit, but it's deeper than just tongues.
It's deeper than tongues.
And so I know Romans, when Lucy was talking about it to me in heaven, she said, "Likewise, the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities, for we know not what we should pray for as we ought, but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.
" Now, I know that's the King James Version.
Other people are saying, "Brandon, it says it better in other versions.
" We just usually stick with the King James, but we don't know what to pray, so he's praying through us, because of John.
Can you give that one?
John, I believe, is what it is.
You could have put it right there in that search, honey.
No, I gave you the wrong verse.
Diana, ask her what that verse was.
She knows it by heart.
She memorized it a while ago.
Diana has a photographic memory.
She's very, very intelligent, and she memorizes a lot of verses.
I'm sorry, but she'll bring it.
But what I'm trying to tell you all is that the Holy Spirit dwells in us.
And when you yield to him, scripture, John.
Yeah.
John.
I said John.
See the International Version.
John is what it was.
Oh, you're on verse four.
You got to go down, hon.
14, all the way down.
8, 9, 10, 15...
15, right there.
"The Spirit of truth.
The world cannot accept him, because it neither sees him nor knows him.
But you know him, for he lives with you and will be in you.
" So we know him because he's in us.
But as we dwell with him and he dwells with us, when we yield ourselves over to the Spirit of God, when we yield ourselves over to the Holy Spirit to pray through us, when we know not what we ought to pray, the groanings come forth through that.
And it's not weird.
It is a deeper level of tongues.
And that's what Lucy was trying to say to me in heaven.
She said, "You're not going to get there just by praying in the spirit.
You're going to have to groan.
This is going to have to come through travail.
" It comes through a deeper level of tongues.
For the greater glory will be attached to travail, and it will be as the Holy Spirit is guiding you in prayer.
It's not where you just flow.
And the more you get into heavy intercession, it will feel like you're in a travail over it, and you'll be praying it out, and you'll know.
You can't make it up, and the flesh doesn't get involved in it.
You'll know when it's truly the Holy Spirit, and you'll feel it.
But usually, it's when you hit those rivers.
It's when you get over in the spirit instead of just praying in the flesh.
You can pray in tongues, but there's a big difference when I'm telling you I can feel it when I hit that river.
It's like I say, I'm trying to find a vein.
You're trying to find a vein.
I try to find it.
That's why I'm looking for it.
I'm looking for His guidance because He's in me.
Just like it says right there.
I'm sorry, I haven't read it over and over again, so I don't have it down.
So, if my reading is bad, I apologize.
"The Spirit of truth.
The world cannot accept Him because it neither sees Him nor knows Him.
" They don't see Him, and they don't know Him.
But He is dwelling in you.
That's what I try to tell y'all.
You are wall-to-wall Holy Spirit.
He dwells the moment you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
He's there standing at the door saying, "I want to be your friend.
" And the moment you start being friends with the Holy Spirit and open that door for Him, He comes in and says, "Hey, let's have fellowship.
Let's talk.
Let's have a glass of tea.
" This is tea.
This is unsweet tea, too.
My little girl asked for canes tonight.
And I told her, I said, "Okay, Daddy will get you some tea.
" But He dwells in you, and He's your friend.
He's your standby.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
"But the Spirit of truth, the world cannot accept Him because it neither sees Him nor knows Him.
But you know Him, for He lives with you and will be in you.
" We know Him because He's in us and He's with us.
So we're just yielding to the Holy Spirit, and the groanings come out of that.
I hope I don't butcher that.
I try my best.
I'm working on being a better teacher of prayer and stuff, but I try not to make it too complicated.
I love this right here.
Can you play my friend?
This is my friend.
You turn me off.
I depend on Him to move through this flawed vessel.
He still seems to do that.
I'm amazed, as you are, that it happens.
I'm amazed that He did it, and I'm amazed that He used me to do it.
Then He just has to say, "Keep reminding me that you keep letting me know that you're available in all of your frailties.
Not because you're great and you know all this, but because I've just chosen you to do this.
So just do it the best that you can.
" I'm not a healer.
I can't heal.
He tells me that all the time, "Brandon, never lose your amazement.
Always stay amazed at what God does through you.
" It's never like when you have that attitude of, "I expect Him to show up, and You're in control.
" He'll humble you real quick.
Never lose your amazement.
It's like you said, I don't heal anybody.
And even on this broadcast, I lead prayer the best I can.
I say, "Lord, use me one more time.
" I told Him tonight, "I'm dry.
I need help because of what I've been through today.
It's been a day.
" I was in there, and I dumped tea all on the floorboard of my car, and I said, "Lord, I'm tired.
Do You want me to do prayer?
" He said, "Would you do that for me tonight?
" I said, "Of course I would.
You want me to do prayer?
Lord, I know it's going late and I haven't eaten today.
What would You like me to do?
" He said, "Would you lead prayer tonight?
" I said, "I sure would.
" But it was the way He said it.
It was important to Him, and I thought, "Okay, we'll pray with the people.
" But He wanted me to talk about the groanings.
He wanted me to talk about how you get in the deeper rivers and how we just keep pushing.
And none of us are perfect.
Even after almost 60 years of ministry with this man, the humility that comes out of him after you've seen the miracles and the things that he's seen with Kathryn Kuhlman, Oral Roberts, and so on and so on.
Amazing to listen to an elder that still looks at himself as small, that you'd never have a big attitude, a big ego walking in with an entourage.
Stay small in your own eyes.
But as I realize, go back to that scripture.
"The Spirit of truth, the world cannot accept Him because it neither sees Him nor knows Him.
" I want to know Him.
But more importantly, I want Him to know me.
It's about me being so dead to self that He can use this vessel and say, "Listen, I am yielded.
I am here.
" "But you know Him, for He lives with you and will be in you.
" And so I had to just say, "Okay, you know, I love it.
" It's what even Leanne was talking about at prayer conferences when she was speaking on Saturday night when that impartation happened.
I take little nuggets from people when they talk.
I listen, apply it, and I say, "Okay, grab a hold of that, grab a hold of this," and I use it.
I put it in my big pot of stew, and I put a little of this, a little bit of that.
It makes it taste real good.
But okay, let's go over some of the things you wanted to show us real quick.
US intel claims Ukraine plot to redirect funds to the Biden campaign in 2022.
Yeah.
They're talking about the money.
Okay.
I want to show them Brad.
Now, everything I'm going to show you about Brad is not financial advice.
You need to know I am not a financial adviser.
It's all my opinion of what I believe the Holy Spirit has told me.
You have to hear God for yourself.
But I bring it on here.
People say, "Is this for entertainment purposes?
" Yeah, this is entertainment to me.
I think it's interesting.
In my opinion, this is for entertainment purposes only, this part of the service tonight.
And I am not a financial adviser, but I'm going to tell you what I pray over.
I don't believe it's entertainment when I'm interceding and praying in tongues.
I would hope you wouldn't interpret that as entertainment; then you're of the world.
But I look at it and say, hey, prayer for Christians is relationship, but this part of it, financial things like that, is for entertainment.
So I want you to watch this and listen to what he says.
"I think it's very interesting today these things codified and we need to have Congress's role here, and that's what we're waiting for right now.
We had the Genius Act that's sort of in the books.
We don't want to reopen that, by the way.
I know some people would like to, but then there's the Clarity Act.
Tell us how important these two pieces of legislation are and what they do for Ripple and the overall industry.
" "So, the Clarity Act, I was on a show a little over a month ago, and I predicted that we'd see the Clarity Act signed by the end of April.
I'm going to say that the likelihood of that has gone down, but I'll say by the end of May, so give me an extra 30 days there.
Everyone's still at the table.
We're still making progress.
Ultimately, there's going to have to be a compromise on this key issue around how rewards are managed.
Ripple doesn't actually personally have a dog in that fight, but we think to get the Clarity Act for the industry, for the US to be competitive, for these entrepreneurs not to move offshore, for crypto capital and investment not to move offshore, we need the Clarity Act to get done.
I am very optimistic.
I was at a dinner two days ago in Washington, D.
C.
, and sat next to people who are much smarter than I am about how law gets made.
I'll say, watching the sausage getting made here has not been pretty, but they gave me more optimism that we are going to get there.
And the point that one gentleman said to me, he's like, 'Look, when people are at their most frustrated is when you finally get it done because people will compromise.
' Yeah.
And from this White House, we're seeing amazing leadership to push this forward.
So, I think we're going to get there.
It's just taking a little longer than we thought.
" "So, what happens to Ripple once clarity gets passed?
" "Well, it won't change Ripple's business too much.
What it does is it unlocks the banks in the United States who have been a little bit fearful about, 'Should I lean into this industry?
What if there is a future Gary Gensler, and then how am I going to have to unwind things?
' So if we get that codified into law, it's an unlock for the banks around the world, particularly in the United States.
We have seen banks say to us, 'Look, we understand that you won the lawsuit and you have clarity that XRP is not a security.
' And last week, obviously, that's another great step forward.
But if we get it codified into law, I think you'll see more of the largest financial institutions in the United States and really the world lean in more to this industry.
" "Tell me more about XRP and what the main use cases are so that our audience understands how it impacts them.
" "So XRP, much like Bitcoin, is an open-source digital asset.
There's a blockchain called the XRP Ledger.
Ripple is one of the primary participants in that ecosystem.
We really use it primarily around payments.
There are some other things we're doing around settlement for the prime brokerage business.
But we're seeing entrepreneurs, because XRP is so fast in terms of transactions, so low cost, and also energy efficient, you're seeing more and more developers and entrepreneurs build on top of the XRP Ledger.
And that's around things like the tokenization of real-world assets.
We're working with Guggenheim on a money market tokenization.
The Land Authority of Dubai is doing land registry on the XRP Ledger.
There are lots of examples, and it's really about how do we take block-efficient, highly scalable, very fast, and low-cost blockchain technologies to enable these settlement technologies that I think are going to continue to rewire financial infrastructure around the globe.
" "And the acquisitions that you made sort of complement one another in that regard because you've got treasury, but that's going to complement what happens in the brokerage for sure.
" "I've been very happy about how those acquisitions have gone, and I think people see how we're stitching these pieces together.
Some in crypto, I think, have done acquisitions that are intra-crypto, inside the echo chamber.
We've only done things kind of outside the echo chamber because we think it's really about how do we build those bridges between traditional finance and what we call decentralized finance or crypto.
Both GTreasury and Hidden Road are just tremendous examples of that, and we're seeing their clients want to lean in.
So we're seeing great adoption, and I'm excited.
I mean, 2026 is going to be a record year for us for sure.
" "Congratulations on that.
That's incredible.
When you think about what's going on with traditional financial services, little by little they're leaning in.
It took them a while, but how do you think the competitive landscape changes now that you see the big guys understanding what has been taking place under their noses, but they didn't want to get involved?
" "Yeah, it's been interesting to see, and I'm sure you've seen those.
Your guests, the people you've interviewed.
We went from 'it's rat poison' to 'that's a pet rock.
' You remember some of these quotes; I think they were on your show.
Now, some of those same leaders are coming around and saying, 'Oh, okay.
I see how these technologies work.
' And look, I'll give Larry Fink at BlackRock credit.
He was one of the first really senior, well-respected leaders to step forward and say, 'No, I do see real value and real technology value to how these technologies can be applied.
' So we are seeing a shift from the JPMorgan's.
We're seeing people start to be more exploratory: 'Oh, okay.
How could we use stablecoins?
' It's really also driven by customers.
As I said earlier, the CEOs and boards of directors of companies across the United States are asking their finance organizations, 'Are we using stablecoins?
'" Are they more efficient?
Because remember, the other unlock around stablecoins is now you can access them and use them 24/7.
They don't close at 4:00 on a Friday afternoon; you can settle a real estate transaction on Saturday.
Did you hear that?
Hold on.
Did you hear what he just said?
A real estate transaction that's 24/7.
They don't close at 4:00 on a Friday afternoon.
Settle a real estate transaction on Saturday.
It's a big shift.
Yeah.
And stablecoins are real.
Blockchain is real.
Tokenization as well.
Do you see most markets getting tokenized?
For sure.
You know, when I started this job at Ripple 11 years ago, I had a lot less gray hair.
We're finally seeing the unlock where people are.
Now, the only thing I'll say about the tokenization topic is sometimes I hear people talk about tokenization like, "Well, we can tokenize that.
" And I think we have to ask ourselves: Does it improve something?
Does it make it faster?
Does it make it better in some ways?
Tokenization just for the sake of tokenization doesn't really make sense.
You know, Silicon Valley has a reputation sometimes of having a technology in search of a problem versus a problem in search of a technology.
And so tokenization, I think, has very valuable applications, but there are some examples I see where I'm like, I don't quite get it.
All right, Brad, you've had a record year.
You can go watch the rest of that on your own.
I don't want to keep you all late, but I'm going to tell you, I'm not somebody that can teach this because I'm a prayer channel, and so I stick to what the Lord has told me to do.
Now, it would be fun to have a crypto channel or investment stuff like that, but because of how the Lord instructs me and talks to me about investments, I skate around it because of what my attorney says.
I don't touch it because it's just not my vein.
But I know Economic Ninja talks about this, and so does Johnny Bravo.
Economic Ninja is his channel.
He talks about crypto a lot.
And so I try to learn what I can from other people that I've talked to on the phone, who love the Lord and tell me they love the Lord.
Now, I'm going to tell you, I just think the whole thing is interesting because of the things the Lord has shown me through prayer concerning certain cryptos, five pillars, things like that.
When the lawsuit was lifted in August of last year, and things started to roll out, and it got forgiven in the court system, now he's saying 2026 will be a banner year for his company.
He believes it will be one of the most financially blessed years they've had.
I think that's an interesting statement from him because they have been through a lot as a company—Ripple.
So they're saying these things, and I don't know if I believe he knows what he's talking about.
He's pretty smart.
He's a multibillionaire.
But I think the whole thing is interesting regarding where we are with the signs of the times.
I warned you what I prayed over.
What is the function of the coin?
How does it serve a purpose for things?
And he was talking about banks, and I said I saw a cryptocurrency in the days ahead that will be used for real estate transactions, for car loans, and all kinds of things.
What is it backed by?
What is it?
What's the function of the coin?
And the Lord said, "Oh, that's why he's always instructing me: Pray about this.
" So, I just keep telling you all, "Pray about this.
" Isn't it interesting?
I don't know.
It's for entertainment purposes only, right?
So, I'm just saying, "Hey, I'm just entertaining you.
It's something for you to watch.
It's something for you to pray about in your entertainment.
" But I just try to bring it out here to try to entertain the body of Christ and just say, "Hey, it's kind of interesting, huh?
" So, y'all do what you want to do with it.
It's none of my business.
All right, let's go on.
Okay.
Jet fuel spikes as airlines warn supplies could run dry within weeks.
That's interesting.
That's Fox.
So they're saying, "Oh no, the sky is falling.
Chicken Little.
" US jet fuel prices jumped from $2.
17 to $4.
57 per gallon.
So, American Airlines, probably the price of a ticket would go up then, wouldn't it?
I don't know.
Jet fuel spikes.
Trump says the US will destroy Iran's oil wells, the island, without a deal to immediately reopen the Strait.
And what did I say?
What happened?
What I saw in the spirit, not what I said.
What did I say I saw in the spirit?
I said great anti-Semitism will rise up.
And I saw certain things taking off because of it.
And I said it will last for a window of time.
But to pray over American assets, our own oil wells, our facilities in total in these other areas, because I saw them being a target to try to hit our economy in retaliation for their economy.
So it's all about the oil.
And so it's interesting, as we have prayed this out for over six months now, going on a year, that now we're seeing what we prayed in the news.
Strategic.
And so you go, "Well, you know, I don't know.
Pretty interesting, huh?
" Iran vows to set US troops on fire if Trump launches a ground invasion through Iran.
I don't know.
But that's why we're here tonight.
We're going to pray for them.
You ready?
Is that it?
So, I just bring you a little bit of news.
The things we see in the news.
Braden finds it.
And he said, "Daddy, this is some of the stuff we've been praying over as we pray for the Clarity Act to come to pass, that JPMorgan can't hold it anymore with his rope attached to a rocket holding the stream in front of the banks.
" I want to pray for this.
Pray for this.
What is that?
So their dollar is falling.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
I wonder why it's falling.
So, is everything okay in Australia tonight?
Oh, that's kind of strange.
What is going on with that?
They said there's no turn.
So, Australia's sky turned like a blood-orange red.
Looks really creepy.
Huh.
That's sneaky.
I'd go inside.
I wouldn't breathe that in.
It's bad.
All right, let's pray.
Who wants to jump in the river with me?
Not a lot of news out there.
Kind of a dull day, huh?
President Trump saying what he's saying.
We better pray over his mind.
Pray over him.
The Holy Spirit said, "Go over what you saw last night.
" Thank you, Holy Spirit.
All right.
We're done with the news; it's good.
Don't worry about it.
Anything you find, we'll show tomorrow.
What did I see last night when we were praying?
I saw a toad coming out of the Atlantic and jump up in Washington, DC.
I saw a massive frog, and this frog had warts all over it.
It was not a frog; it was a toad, and there was something to do with Kentucky.
And the Lord said, "There it is.
" And I took it as, when I was praying over this, it was something demonic.
It was something that was corruption because I saw Nixon's face and I saw a Watergate scandal again.
I saw the toad that was represented was tied to Nixon and Watergate.
And the Lord said, "It's on land again.
" Did you hear what I said?
The Lord said that the toad came up out of the water, and he's on land again.
And I saw Nixon's face, and I said, "It's something that's connected to Kentucky.
" And that's what I saw last night.
And I saw a storm.
I saw a major storm.
And when I was looking at the storm, I saw the body of Christ underneath these thick yellow rubber umbrellas, with yellow raincoats on.
It was a big umbrella that was covering the body of Christ, a yellow umbrella that looked like something out of an inner tube.
It didn't look like thin plastic.
This looked like rubber.
It was a thick umbrella, like it would dodge hailstones.
You could use it to block bullets.
I mean, that's how thick this rubber looked, like it was made out of a life vest.
All of it.
And I saw the body of Christ with a yellow hat on that went down their back like a firefighter's hat.
And they were holding the umbrella as a major storm was brewing.
And I could see the rain.
I could hear the sound of rain, but this was not good rain.
And I saw a toad jumping around in Washington, DC.
Now, President Trump is talking about boats of oil being brought to America from Iran as a gift.
I don't know how many boats.
Do you remember the boat I saw that was black and red?
Does anybody remember the boat I saw that was black and red, that was attached with a dirty thing hidden in the oil?
Does anybody remember the oil?
And I said, "There is a device in the boat that is a shipping barge.
" Does anybody remember that?
I said, "I see this coming.
" And I said, "It's coming from over there.
" And I said, "It is a surprise attack with oil.
It's something to do with the oil barge.
" Now, I know I see in part, and what the Lord, I believe, shows me.
But I thought it was interesting as it was a red tanker with a black bottom.
And I said, "Watch the red and black bottom tanker.
" It had a device that was a dirty thing in the middle of the bottom of the barrels of oil in the tanker, and they drove it into the Washington Harbor area.
And they lit that thing off.
And when they did, all the crew that was already on it was deceased.
But I saw a tanker coming that was black.
And see, this one is black and red on the bottom.
Isn't that interesting?
What I saw was red on top and black on the bottom.
And it had a device in the middle of the oil.
And the Lord said, "Pray for this.
It's coming out of the Middle East area.
" Do you remember that?
Does anybody remember that?
This was how many years ago?
Do you have the short for it?
I like to show them that because it's almost been a year, over a year.
We'll have it ready for you next time.
But it's something that was on my heart tonight.
As I was praying over that red oil tanker with the red top and black bottom, the Lord said, "Pray over this oil tanker.
" So, I've been praying over that oil tanker for a while.
And I thought, "I wonder what that's all about.
Why would an oil tanker be coming?
" But if it was a gift, what if it was a gift?
Hopefully, they would be smart enough to check things.
I'm sure they would.
Why would you gift somebody 10 shipments of oil?
Maybe just as a peace agreement, maybe just as a friend.
But from what I understand, they just sent over 2,000 drones, and they're trying to blow up Saudi Arabia and things, and it doesn't sound like they're real friendly, but they want to give us 10 shipments of oil.
I thought it was kind of funny.
I was like, "I wonder what that's all about?
" because the Lord already warned us about a tanker full of oil.
So, what is it about?
Is it a metaphor?
Is there something more to this?
That was over a year ago.
And these videos, when I hear them back, it rattles inside of me.
Just because you didn't see it that first day that I gave it, doesn't mean that it's not something we should pray over a year later as we see them attacking Iran, as we see them with the strait, and all the things that we see.
So we're going to take communion now, and we're just going to pray.
What is that, hun?
Okay.
Go ahead.
Play it.
You got it.
Barge.
I remind you of the boat coming into Washington, DC.
Is a boat a barge?
And it has a device in the middle of the barge.
I see this device again.
I see the barge.
It's like an oil tanker.
It's like some kind of major shipping container boat, looking big.
I'll tell you what it looks like.
It's a black boat, and it has a cockpit up here, but it's long.
It's a long boat that's black, and the top looks red.
The deck is a red-looking deck, painted red, and the boat is a big black boat.
I don't know why I see this red up toward the front.
But not all of it is red.
Some of it has white chipped paint.
There's white chipped paint where the crew is at.
It's rusted where the crew is at.
I remember it so clearly.
Inside there, the captain.
It's chipped and rusted.
We pray everything be discovered and uncovered from any dirty bomb in the name of Jesus.
Everything is being discovered and uncovered concerning this.
And we still pray over the vans and the big trucks.
I just saw Trump Towers again immediately when I said that.
Praying over Trump Towers again, Chicago and New York.
We pray over Trump Towers.
I see major buildings in these areas; we call them protected.
They have glass buildings, they're mass buildings.
Remember I said they explode these.
I see an explosion from the inside out.
Not outside in, on the first floor.
Something is blowing the glass out.
We call protection over Trump, the guests, and the people that are there.
Trump's not there.
It's what it represents.
I'm telling you he's not there.
So on the 41st floor, that's what we prayed at.
June 21st of last year.
I was just curious because how close are we to being a year?
It's always in the time frame of praying over this, and the Lord's bringing it up and saying, 'Pray over this,' and then he's getting 10 boats given to him that are oil tankers.
I'm like, what is this oil tanker stuff?
Why are they giving you 10 boats full of oil?
They're doing it for peace.
Well then, they use all their drones, and they're still using it for war.
So, it's kind of funny as they're saying they're going to burn all our troops alive as we're trying to get their uranium.
We'll give you some oil.
What are you going to do with oil?
I don't know.
Just let the elevator go to the top.
I don't trust anything they say, and nobody needs to trust anything they say.
That's why we need to pray for President Trump to have great discernment.
You're not playing anymore, right?
It's good.
All right.
Father, we thank you for the body.
He wasn't broken.
He was wounded for our transgressions.
He was bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes, we are healed.
I believe, Father, that we don't have sickness and disease in our bodies.
Tonight, Father, there's an expiration date, like we always say, for what they're believing for.
We thank you, Lord, that today may be their day; may it be their time of walking in divine health.
The children of Israel didn't have any sickness in their bodies.
There was no feeble one among them.
There was nobody hurting.
There was nobody having a hard time.
These people were all walking with the Holy Ghost and fire keeping them well, with a cloud by day and a fire by night.
Jesus restored their bodies.
He restored their finances.
He restored what the cankerworm ate.
And God, if you can do it for them underneath the old covenant, how much more can you do it for us, your children adopted into your family?
Thank you, Father, that we don't have to be sick in our bodies.
We don't have to have broke, busted, and disgusted moments.
Father, we walk in divine health, divine wealth, and are filled by the Holy Ghost.
Our minds are renewed.
Thank you, Lord, that we think right and we act right.
We act salty because Jesus is on the inside of us, and it makes people thirsty, right?
Oh God, we thank you for these last days, and we take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Lord, we make much of the blood tonight.
We plead the blood.
We apply the blood.
We thank you for the blood.
Father, we thank you that it never loses its power.
Great is your faithfulness to us, God.
We plead the blood over our thoughts, over getting the words out, and doing things we need to do tonight, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I take authority over hexes, vexes, and witchcraft of any kind.
It will not bear fruit in my life; it falls to our feet.
I thank you, Father, that we are overcomers by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We take our authority and we apply the blood.
I thank you, Father, if there's anything you want me to see in this prayer time.
You cover us from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet so that we don't hear any stranger's voice.
We only hear your voice.
We believe, Father, that we are led by the Spirit of God.
We thank you, Father, in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
This is the week of resurrection.
This is the week we celebrate Resurrection Sunday.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Then tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, we have Palm Sunday.
We have Passover, then get ready for Good Friday.
What a mighty God we serve as we get ready to leave March and go into April.
Father, we thank you.
No matter if the winds blow around us, we thank you, Father, that we are in the secret place of the Most High, and we are protected underneath the shadow of the Almighty.
We take this blood right now in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
I say it again and again.
I want a double dose tonight.
I need a double dose of His grace and His favor.
Thank you, Lord.
Oh, Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Amen.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Thank you, Lord.
Spirit, come.
We thank you with thanksgiving.
He said, 'Take the time to give me thanks for what I have done in the first quarter of your year.
' With the breath out of my mouth, with the words coming forth out of my vocal cords, I say thank you, Lord, as we get ready to close the first quarter of this year.
We get ready to go to the second quarter.
Father, we give you praise and glory for all that you've done in this nation to keep us safe.
We haven't had a terrorist attack of great magnitude.
None of our boats have been sunk in the ocean.
Every single one of them has been protected, from the Abraham Lincoln to the George W.
, to all the little ships all around.
I thank you, Father, that you have protected all our sailors.
We've had a fire on a cruiser, or whatever happened, but Father, I don't know if anybody perished.
It could have been a lot worse.
There could be drones and all kinds of things happening, but nothing has hurt any of them.
We've had little to no casualties compared to what it could have been.
Thank you, Father, for protecting our troops.
Thank you for protecting our men and women of service, and even the ones that could be in a ground invasion.
We thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that we haven't had any significant attack on America.
We've had some lone wolf attacks, but nothing of great significance to the point where it's been like 9/11.
You've protected us.
You've sheltered us.
You keep us in that place of the Most High.
Father, when it comes down to our government and the corruption in it, I believe you're exposing it and bringing light into the darkness regarding the fraud in Minnesota and these other states.
We're so grateful, Father, for you protecting the young man, Nick.
I thank you, Father, that he's still alive and that you've kept him.
I thank you, Lord, that it's not just about him.
You'll bring up other people to be whistleblowers on corruption in our government, to stop the bleeding of our taxes and resources.
Maybe they say, 'There's nobody watching,' but God, I know you are.
I just want to say thank you, Father, for all that you've done in this first quarter of 2026.
I thank you that this will be the time of the double because we're already in the second quarter.
When we get to the third quarter, that's just the way we believe.
We're going to believe for the double, and you'll pay back double everything that was robbed from us in the first quarter.
I thank you, Lord, that by the third quarter, we're going to get back triple.
I thank you, Lord, that this is the time the thief has been found, and he must restore everything he has stolen: my peace, my joy.
I call back joy.
I call back the peace that passes all understanding.
We call for healing and restoration of body parts that need it.
Thank you, Father, for sustaining us and keeping us alive.
You've kept us in your hand.
Threats could come from the right and from the left, but you kept us in that secret place.
You have protected us in the secret place of the Most High.
Father, we abide under the shadow of the Almighty.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it shall not come nigh us.
We give you praise, Father, for the covenant of protection you have given us.
You protect me, my wife, and my kids.
We're blessed coming in; we're blessed going out.
We pray for those who despitefully use us, come against us, and try to talk trash about us.
Father, we bless them in Jesus' name.
We don't hold an account against them.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
We forgive those who persecute us.
We forgive those who despitefully use us and come against us.
We forgive them, Lord.
We will not hold a grudge in our hearts.
We won't allow it to build a dam in our hearts to keep the Holy Ghost from flowing.
Faith works by love, and we bear up underneath love.
No matter how much they persecute or hate on you, we love them, Father.
Faith works by love, and I'm not going to let it block my faith from working.
I'm believing for big things, exceedingly and abundantly above all that I dare ask or think.
So we forgive those who despitefully use us and come against us.
We take no account of a suffered wrong.
Thank you, Lord, that our faith is working because we walk in love.
We forgive our bosses.
We forgive the people that have trespassed against us.
We forgive them because faith works by love, and we want our faith working in these last days.
We're not going to be offended at Sister Clipboard.
We're not going to be offended at some male clipboard guy.
We're not going to be offended by people; we forgive them.
Father, I thank you that 1 Corinthians 5:5 is coming to full manifestation.
I thank you, Lord, that you're cleaning up your bride.
You're cleaning up the church.
Father, you said judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
Search me and know me.
Create in me a clean heart so that we are upright before you and have nothing hidden.
We have nothing that offends or grieves you.
When you look at us, you say, 'I find no guile in him.
I find no wrong in him.
' I thank you, Lord, that we are people after your own heart.
You search us and you know us.
You create in us a clean heart.
You examine me from the top of my head to the soles of my feet.
I know I don't have everything right.
We're just human; we're saved by grace.
But God, I thank you that we are striving.
The eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart that is perfect toward him.
Father, I thank you that as of today, your eyes can rest on our house.
Because we don't hold an account of a suffered wrong, we forgive those who despitefully use us and come against us.
We enter into the second quarter of this year with no bondage.
There's nothing holding me down, and we are not sad or wearing a frown.
We are rejoicing because we rejoice in the Lord always.
And again, I say rejoice.
We rejoice, Father, for you know our future better than we know our past.
We rejoice in the Lord always.
And again, I say rejoice.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
And I'm blessed.
For you said the willing and obedient would eat the good of the land.
Father, we want to be willing, and we want to be obedient to what you told us to do.
Help us even when our flesh doesn't want to do it.
Even when our flesh is crying out saying, "No, don't do that.
" Oh, shut up, flesh.
Shut up, flesh.
I have dominion over you.
My spirit's bigger than you.
I'm filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
Shut up, flesh.
Love never fails.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We choose to love.
Not even whenever it's always easy.
It's not always going to be easy, but we choose to love.
It's a choice.
Oh, and my husband's a good for nothing, he's doing this, and he's doing that.
My wife is doing this and doing that.
Oh, we love your faith.
Don't make your faith not work right.
Faith works by love.
I choose love.
Today, as we go into the second quarter, we get ready to cross over into a new month.
We choose to love today for the anointing that destroys every yoke of bondage dwells on the inside of me.
Holy Spirit, you dwell on the inside of me.
Just like it was saying there in 1 John.
Father, we know.
They may not know you, but I do.
The world may not know you, but we do.
Braden does.
Diana does.
Paisley, Megan, we know you because you dwell in us.
They may not know you, but I know you.
You dwell in me, and I dwell with you.
You said I'm no longer a servant, but I call you friends.
I thank you, Lord, that I'm your friend.
And it's not some parrot thing that I just quote out of my mouth to be cliché Christianese.
I believe I am a friend just like Abraham.
When you said Abraham was a friend of God, I yield to the anointing of prosperity on our life.
We yield to the anointing of blessing.
We yield to the anointing of prosperity, and we yield to it now, and we will not lack any good thing.
And you'll show us the secret things hidden in the dark places, and you'll show us the fountains of wealth, and you'll show us how to get the job done for the end-time harvest to come.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for good measure pressed down, shaken together.
We believe it.
Healing, wholeness, and wellness belong to us.
Deliverance belongs to us.
And we thank you, Lord, for this beautiful first quarter.
That's what I felt.
You just give him praise for it.
Say it out of your mouth.
You just do it.
You don't have to mock how I just did it, but that's how I do it.
Oh God, we thank you for the first quarter.
Thank you, Lord, that the first quarter is over, but God, we're still breathing.
We have air in our lungs.
We have the ability to do what you called us to do.
Yeah, storms blow.
Yeah, things happen.
But oh God, you've been so good to us.
Is that what you wanted, Father?
Father, we say it with all our heart to you now.
Lord, we lift up our nation concerning Passover.
We thank you, Father, for Passover.
We thank you for Good Friday.
We thank you, Father, for Resurrection Sunday, that the Holy Spirit would dwell in us, and you would give us wisdom on where we're supposed to be.
And Father, I thank you that you are showing us.
You say, "I don't want you to go here, but I want you to go here.
" And we're quick to obey.
If you say, "Don't go here," we won't go there.
If you say, "Go here," we will go there.
Father, I thank you, Lord, over the next four days.
Was it Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday?
Six days altogether.
We thank you, Father, that there's a supernatural protection over this nation.
Even for the Easter egg roll at the White House, you protect the people.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that President Trump is God-fearing, and Father, you keep him in the shelter of the Most High.
Father, all around him.
Father, I thank you that his kids, his grandkids, Eric, Don Jr.
, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka, I cover them in the name of Jesus, that a thousand should fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
I cover them in the blood.
I cover our president in the blood.
Father, cover our vice president and his family and his new baby.
Thank you, Lord, that the baby's healthy with all 10 fingers and all 10 toes.
No deformities.
We call all 10 fingers and all 10 toes.
Both legs, both arms, all the organs of that baby's body.
Father, we call development.
That's right.
We call development that's right.
No Downs.
We pray over the baby's mind.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for protection all around the White House.
Thank you, Lord, that President Trump has the mind of Christ.
We pray over his mind tonight.
We pray that he is not taking counsel from the ungodly.
We pray a hedge around and about President Trump from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
We cover him in the blood.
We cover his mind in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that he is able to do his assignment with clarity.
And as the body of Christ lifts him over the finish line, Father, he will be able to do it with a sweatless victory.
Father, we call liberation over Cuba.
We call forth that liberation over Cuba in the name of Jesus, that the Castros are done.
Father, they'll be liberated.
And Father, he keeps saying out of his mouth, "Cuba's next.
" Father, I thank you, Lord, that Cuba's next.
There will be a great liberation for the Cuban people.
There will be a supernatural revival that goes all over that island.
All 10 million people will be born again.
Radically born again.
I thank you, Father, that churches are popping up everywhere.
The economy's turning around.
Father, I pray over America's economy.
We pray over Canada, Father, for the persecution that has taken place.
They're saying they're going to pass these bills and make it where Christians can't quote the Bible all the way.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that judgment comes on this, that this will not stand, that they'll be able to preach the word of God uncompromised, that they'll stand for what the Bible says to stand for.
And Father, the government will not get involved in this.
Some of it is going to happen because people are asleep.
There are a lot of people asleep, and there has to be this.
Well, it's because of the compromise that has come in, and it's a shaking to awaken.
Lord, would you rather have a shaking to awaken or prolong when they're just asleep?
A lot of times we're praying away the correction that comes.
You say, "Well, I don't want this.
I don't want that.
I don't want this.
" Because it's uncomfortable.
But the uncomfortable gets you out of the slumber.
When you take for granted the freedoms that you had, when they start to take them away, you go, "Hold on a minute.
" The church will come alive more.
And as I see that going throughout, you say, "Well, Brandon, is that going to happen to America?
" I don't see it happening yet, but soon.
I don't see it to that point yet, but soon.
If the church doesn't wake up, don't allow what is happening in Canada to happen to America.
It's going to happen in Australia.
I see it.
This is part of the beast end-time system.
It will happen in Europe.
I saw Canada happening first, and then France, Germany, Italy, and England, and it will spread throughout Europe.
I saw Canada would be first, coming up really, really strong, and then it would start to spread throughout Australia, and it would start to spread through these places.
As the church goes, so does the world.
The church is the salt.
We are the restrainer.
The Holy Spirit in us is the restrainer.
We give you praise and glory, Father, that the church wakes up.
You said a great shaking to awaken is coming.
I saw a storm come in on our shore with a major tide, a tide that covered the whole city.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that President Trump is in that secret place of the Most High.
Thank you, Father.
Shaking to awaken, shaking to awaken, preaching Holy Ghost and fire in the pulpits, covering our troops.
Father, we cover the ones in Iraq and in Kuwait and the bases around.
We thank you, Father, that your hand of protection is all around them.
Oh God, we praise you, Father.
Father, you kept them so far, and you will continue to keep them.
And over the churches that will gather with all kinds of fellowship and things for this Resurrection Sunday.
God, you're stirring the pastors, you're stirring the teachers, you're stirring the ministers in these churches, that Father, they'll not keep preaching some watered-down gospel.
That Father, when these people come back to church for the first time—some of them it's been years—they will find you.
I thank you.
I thank you, Father.
This will be the greatest harvest of souls this nation has ever seen this Sunday.
Now, I see a red jacket.
Come on.
Everything that is missing, everything that is broken, there's restoration.
There's restoration.
We call forth revival and restoration.
Father, the people that are on here, I hear you.
"I'm looking for direction for my life.
What do I do with my life?
I have big decisions to make.
" I hear this lady talking.
"I don't know what to do, Lord.
I don't know where to go.
Should I do it or should I not?
" For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God and daughters of God.
We're led by his Spirit.
Go with the peace that passes understanding.
If you don't have a peace, we take authority over familiar spirits.
We take authority over tormenting spirits that try to drive you in the wrong direction.
And we thank you, Father, that we hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow concerning whether to do this or that job, or not take a job, if you believe for that, or if you're supposed to move to another state.
It could be as simple as you think, "Well, is it the Lord's will for me to stay married?
" So many major decisions that you have rolling around in you.
Should I stay married?
Should I do this?
Should I do that?
What should I do?
Well, he did this, and she did that.
Everything you think you're hearing, line it up with the word of God.
Was that my flesh telling me to do that?
If you have a peace about it and it goes with scripture, always follow what the word of God tells you to do.
Do you have legal ground to do what you're wanting to do?
Is there scripture to back it?
Well, you may not know the Bible that much.
You may have to use a Bible app.
You put in the search engine what you're looking for.
You might have to use Google or whatever and ask the question and find Bible verses, but find the Word to back it.
If you don't know the word of God and you're not in a church, find scripture to back what you're talking about, but study to show yourself approved.
Don't sit there and just go, "Well, you know, I can't find it in the Word," when you took five minutes to look for it.
How bad do you want the word of God?
You have to search.
It is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.
I will hide the Word in my heart that I might not sin against you.
I will find what the word of God says concerning my circumstances.
Now, how do you do it?
You find a Bible.
You find a concordance.
You find things.
Like I said, you might have to use Google or whatever, and you Google it.
"Should I stay married?
Should I do this or whatever?
" And you find it on there, and you find scripture.
Well, the only way I see in the Bible where there's legal, just cause for divorce is if they've cheated on you and committed adultery against you, or if they're beating you.
Correct.
Now, if they're raising a hand to you and knocking your teeth in, and they're doing these things, that's legal grounds to get separated.
You don't need to stay in a relationship like that.
God doesn't want you to stay there and be in danger, keeping your kids in danger.
Somebody's beating you up.
That's just ridiculous.
God's not going to sit there and go, "Well, you know, you got to let him beat you up, honey.
Just suffer for Jesus.
" That's stupid, you know.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe he'll change if he keeps busting you in the nose, and blood's flowing down, and you're going through all this.
I don't know what else to say to you.
God never wanted you to go through hell and have somebody beating on you ever, or vice versa.
Maybe she's beating you, sir, and she's hitting you so hard you're like, "I can't keep going through this.
" But there are major decisions people try to make, but they don't have the Bible to go by it.
Abandonment by an unbelieving spouse, death of a spouse.
No, but they're gone; they're not here anymore.
Diana's looking it up.
But there are certain things.
The scriptures are Matthew 19:9, 1 Corinthians 7:12-15, Romans 7:2-3, and 1 Corinthians 7:39.
There are some scriptures to help you about your marriage.
You'll have to rewind it, but there's so much if you just study to show yourself approved concerning your decisions.
I would tell you this: I would never move somewhere without having a place to go to church and finding a place.
You say, "Well, I believe the Lord's called me there," but He's not going to call you there not to be in the body.
You've got to stay sharp in these hours that are ahead.
I think all the time, "I'm going to move to so-and-so place.
I'm leaving.
" Okay.
If you do that, where are you going to church?
Where are you going to be?
"I don't know.
" Well, don't you think that's important?
"I'm headed to Florida.
" That sounds like a great plan.
Well, if you do, where are you going to go?
Do you have a place that you would go to church and get fed being part of the body?
Do you pray with each other?
Do you have people where iron sharpens iron?
Your flesh will lead you all kinds of places, but you've got to be where the Bible is, where the will of God is known.
You'll find it in the Word.
You're going to find it when you find that peace that passes all understanding, and you're seeking Him daily, not just on Sunday.
He will lead you and guide you into all truth.
"God, I need You.
" But it's never to detach yourself from the source, Him, and not find a place that feeds you spiritually.
"Well, I am only going to do this and I'm only going to do that.
" Well, I always stay on the path where He's at.
Where is He?
Where is He guiding you?
Don't make a decision until you have that.
If they have to have an answer right now, then you have your answer.
I'm not going to bend to the pressure of time.
People say, "I need an answer right now.
" Well, if you need an answer right now, then the answer is no, because I'm not going to move outside of the will of God for my life.
If I don't hear Him right now, I have to be still until I do.
And I'm not making the decision until I inquire of the Lord.
Whether you could say it's buying a house, buying a car, a new job, or a spouse.
"You know, I don't know if I should marry her or not.
I don't know if I should marry him.
" Well, inquire of the Lord, and until you get an answer and you have that peace, don't do it.
You've got to come up higher because He knows the best plan for your life.
I don't want to make mistakes and have to go, "Well, I need grace for this," because I've been there and I've done it more times than I want to admit.
"Oh man, I missed it.
" But there's been grace for it.
Remember when Jesus visited us and He said to me, "You're not big enough to mess your life up, Brandon.
The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of me.
As long as you're keeping upright with Me, staying vertical.
As long as you're staying with Me and looking at Me, I'll take what the devil meant for bad to try to deter you, and turn it around for good.
As long as you're keeping your eyes on Me.
" So I don't want to be too afraid to make a decision where I'm just frozen in this fear.
I take steps.
Take steps, and He'll lead you if you truly are yielded to Him.
He will lead you, and you might say, "Yeah, I don't feel good about that.
" There have been some big decisions I've had to make lately, and I don't feel real good about that one.
"I don't feel good about that decision.
I don't know, what do you feel?
" And Diana and I will pray about it all afternoon, fasting and seeking Him.
I inquire of the Lord in everything I do.
"Lord, help me.
" And I don't give Him fleeces either.
I don't throw fleeces out like Gideon.
You know, if it's wet, then I know it's You.
I don't fleece the Lord.
I've only done this a couple of times.
I follow His voice.
I inquire of Him and I stay still.
"Lord, if this is You, make grass grow right there.
And if it's not, then we'll know it's not.
Let a dove fly over here and land on my shoulder.
" You'll get messed with.
For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.
We're not led by fleeces; we're led by the Spirit of God and that peace that passes all understanding.
I hope you're hearing me.
Don't let a fleece lead you.
For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.
I believe I'm led by the Spirit, not by a fleece.
But I'm going to be yielded, and I'm going to inquire of Him and listen to Him.
I heard somebody saying it on the other side of this camera right now: "I need help.
I need direction.
" So this is for you, because I heard you.
I heard you talking.
The Lord allowed me to hear you.
So inquire of the Lord, lady.
The Lord loves you enough for me to interrupt in front of all these people to hear you praying right now.
"God, I need direction.
I need direction.
" Find scripture and stand on the Word, and read it over and over and over again until you have that direction.
His Word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.
I'll hide His Word in my heart that I might not sin against Him.
I want Him to lead me.
His Word is a lamp.
It's a lit-up beacon.
I've got the lights.
I'm following the Word.
I'm following it.
"Well, I don't know the Word enough.
" Well, then thank God for Google.
Thank God for the Bible app.
Find scripture: "I'm looking for scripture on marriage.
I'm looking for scripture on job growth, or where I'm supposed to live," or whatever.
Find something.
Just meditate on the Word.
It will change you from the inside out.
"Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path," Psalm 119:105.
Thank You, Lord, for the Word.
Thank You, Father, that we inquire of the Lord tonight.
In every decision, You want us to have the right path.
And if we miss it and we mess up, Father, I thank You for grace.
But we don't deliberately do it.
"Well, I know, I'll just do what I want to do, and then I'll call grace over it.
" That's foolish.
"Well, you know, it'll be okay, brother.
" Why do that?
You could put yourself in harm's way.
Just take the time.
If they need an answer right now, then they've already got their answer.
If I don't have an answer for them, if I'm inquiring of Him and I haven't heard anything, then you've already got your answer, because I'm not moving until I hear Him.
How bad do you want it?
How bad do you want change?
How hungry, how desperate are you for Him to be a part of your life?
It's not always easy.
The Lord said to me the other night, "I didn't say it would be easy.
It's doable.
" I didn't like that answer.
I said, "It's not always easy, but it's doable.
Well, that's great.
I don't really like that answer too much, but it was loud.
" I told it, and Braden laughed.
We all laughed.
Braden, I think, laughed the hardest about it.
He belly laughed because he knows what Daddy goes through.
"I didn't tell you it would be easy.
I didn't tell you it'd be easy, Brennan.
It's doable.
I'll be with you.
I'll walk with you.
I'll help you.
We'll get through this together.
But I never told you it'd be easy.
" Everybody's always looking for it to be easy.
Some things aren't always easy, but it's good, and it's doable.
You'll make it.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
I don't know who that was for, but I hope I helped you with what little I could give you.
We're all a work in progress.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
His yoke is easy and His burden is light.
"Come unto me and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you.
" I love those old hymns.
"Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls.
For my yoke is easy and my burden is light.
" Come to me.
That's Matthew 11:28 through 30.
"For my yoke is easy and my burden is light.
" Do you have that song, Braden?
Hey, love.
What song?
"Come unto me and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you.
" Here, "Blessed Savior, calling the oppressed, oh ye heavy laden, come to me and rest.
Come, no longer tarry, I your Lord will bear.
Bring me every burden, bring me every care.
Come unto me and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you, hear me and be blessed.
I am meek and lowly, come and trust my might.
Come, my yoke is easy and my burden's light.
" I love that.
"Come unto me and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you, hear me and be blessed.
I am meek and lowly, come and trust my might.
Come, my yoke is easy and my burden's light.
" His burden is light.
Oh Father, we thank You, Lord.
There's just something about that.
Can I sing it one more time?
"Come unto me and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you, hear me and be blessed.
I am meek and lowly, come and trust my might.
Come, my yoke is easy and my burden's light.
" There's something about those old hymns.
It's interesting, after I started singing that, the presence flooded my room.
I feel You.
I acknowledge You.
Holy, holy, holy are You.
"Come unto me and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you, hear me and be blessed.
I am meek and lowly, come and trust my might.
Come, my yoke is easy and my burden's light.
" There's something about that.
It's a place of rest.
It's a place of yielding.
It's a place of trust.
I trust You.
I take the care out of my prayer tonight.
I take the care out of our prayer.
"What should we do?
What should I do?
I need answers.
I need them quick.
Oh God, please speak.
I don't want to make a wrong choice.
How do I get there, Father?
What do I do?
Where are You?
Why are You not talking?
How come You seem so far away?
Why do I feel so alone today?
Do You really, truly care?
I just need You to talk to me.
" He's in the place called "there".
Quiet yourself.
It's so loud.
All those voices that are yelling—quiet yourself.
Peace.
Peace like a river.
What's that one?
"Peace like a river.
Peace flowing down.
" And the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth, and the glory of the Lord, and it shall rise like a river.
It shall flow like a river.
I believe that is it.
You have that one.
"The knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth.
" That's it right there.
"And it shall flow like a river.
And it shall fall like the rain.
And it shall rise as the dew in the morning over the plain.
For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth, when the Spirit of the Lord shall fall.
" "It shall flow like a river.
It shall fall like the rain.
It shall rise as the dew in the morning over the plain.
For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth when the Spirit of the Lord shall fall.
Flow, river, flow.
Flow out through the nations wherever man may go.
Cause life to spring forth that all men may know that You're the river of the Spirit.
Oh, flow, river, flow.
" "It shall flow like a river.
It shall fall like the rain.
It shall rise as the dew in the morning over the plain.
For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth when the Spirit of the Lord shall fall.
" We believe it.
Oh Father, we believe it.
It's time for the greatest outpouring this world has ever seen before.
We thank You, Father, for one last touch, one last Holy Ghost push, and then the baby will be here.
We believe that there's one last call, one last push.
Oh Father, we thank You, Lord.
Oh, let it flow.
Let it flow.
Oh Father, we thank you that they have every answer that they need.
It's fine.
I'm almost done, baby.
I'm hot.
Father, we thank you now.
Father, we call in the rain as you showed me a major drought, and I smelled fire last prayer session, and you said, "Call the rain forth.
" We call it in for the ranchers to have enough to feed their cows, so it doesn't cost them so much and make them go bankrupt trying to feed their cows to keep them alive because of the grass dying.
And I saw a great drought all around America, Australia, and Canada.
We call in the rain.
We call in rain in Jesus' name.
I claim the drought to be broken.
I call the rain and the drought to be broken in the name of Jesus.
We call in five inches of rain to start off with, from sea to shining sea, from the Gulf all the way to Canada.
I call in the rain.
Oh, we call it in now in Jesus' name.
Then a low-pressure system will come over and stall out, and just dump the rain over the plains all the way up through South Dakota, North Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas, Colorado, Mexico, Arkansas, Louisiana, and over these areas.
I call in the rain.
We break the drought in Jesus' name.
Tennessee, Kentucky, Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia, we call in the rain.
We call in the rain.
We say in the name of Jesus, not a destructive rain, not with great storms, but we call in at least five inches quick.
And we thank you, Lord, that our ponds, streams, lakes, and reservoirs are full of water and the fires stop.
We call the fires to stop.
We say that there'll be more than enough hay and feed for the cattle.
We call it in right now in the name of Jesus.
We say, "Satan, get your hands off of our rain.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain over this land.
" And I call—we have authority.
Just like Jesus spoke to the winds and the waves and peace came on the sea, we call in the name of Jesus, "Rain, come forth.
" We have authority over the weather, and we say, "Rain, come forth," in Jesus' name.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain this week in Jesus' name.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
And I say, "Rain, come.
" No more fires.
No more fires burning up our land, burning up our stuff.
No more fires.
Rain, come in Jesus' name.
I claim five inches of rain over the area of Tulsa, Tulsa, Oklahoma.
You have authority over your area.
You got to claim it over your area.
Rain over Oklahoma City, rain over Amarillo and Lubbock, and all these other areas.
We call it in in Jesus' name.
Over the areas of Woodward, Oklahoma, over the panhandle, over Altus, and over all the other areas—Father, there are so many areas, but we just call the rain in.
Thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that it's not too big for you.
Thank you, Father.
No more fires.
Thank you, Lord.
Are you calling it in for your area?
Your mountain needs to hear your voice.
Your mountain has to hear your voice.
You have to speak to your mountain.
I can't speak to your mountain for you, but I believe with you.
I'll be your two.
I'll agree with you.
If two are touching anything, we're agreeing right now, me and you.
We're agreeing.
I call rain for their area.
I agree with them that the rain is coming.
Let the rain fall.
Let the fire burn.
Let the river flow.
I hear the prophet say, "How much do you want?
" I like those old songs.
Jump, jump, jump in the river.
Come and jump.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
I believe, Father, we've covered a lot tonight, but it was a really interesting flow tonight.
Don't you agree, Braden?
You agree, D?
It's a very interesting flow.
I could hear the people asking, "What do I do with my life?
What do I do?
" And I could hear it was so specific, the voice crying out in the wilderness, crying.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Your heartbeat tonight is for your people.
You love every single one of them.
The heartbeat of the Father tonight is for the people.
It always is.
They say, "Well, isn't it always?
" Of course, but the prayer flow is about the people.
It's not praying for wars and rumors of wars.
He's praying for you, for your individual needs.
It's direction for the bride.
"Where do I go?
Oh, I need help.
" That's what I mean when I say the heart of the Father.
Where is it at?
Because usually, He has me down rivers, and I go different places.
But tonight, it's about direction.
Praying for the people who are just wanting direction, just wanting answers.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you become so real to them in their car, on the way to work, in their house when they're getting ready for bed, wherever they are when they're waking up in the morning.
That you become so real to them as they inquire of you.
My prayer for them tonight is that you become so real to them, and they know your voice.
They hear you, and they take authority over the spirit of confusion and torment, for fear has torment.
Remember First John: fear has torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
He that feareth is not made perfect in love.
I am rooted and grounded in love.
Perfect love.
My Father loves me, and He has a plan for my life.
I will not be tormented by fear, because fear has torment, but perfect love casts out all fear.
My Father loves me.
He loves my children.
He loves my wife.
My Father loves me.
You need to say that out of your mouth.
"Perfect love casts out all fear.
My Father loves me.
" "I don't believe that.
" Well, that's your problem.
My Father loves me.
Do you believe it?
Say it.
Say it until you believe it.
My Father, my heavenly Father loves me.
Do you get that?
Because fear has torment.
It's tormenting you.
What do you do now?
What are you going to do?
Like Sister Billy always says, "What are you gonna do now?
What are you gonna do now?
" And the devil was saying that to the Lord, "What are you gonna do now?
" He's saying that to you.
"What are you gonna do?
What are you gonna do?
" Fear has torment.
That's tormenting.
But perfect love casts out all fear.
My Father loves me.
Shut up, devil!
He has a plan for my life.
Perfect love.
I have perfect love.
Love never fails.
It is all around me.
Love is around me.
It's surrounding me.
It's overtaking me.
Goodness and mercy are following me.
Why?
Because I'm dwelling in the house of the Lord forever.
First John.
There is no fear in love.
There it is.
But perfect love casts fear out, because fear has torment.
But no, I don't like the way that says that.
Yeah, I don't know if they changed it.
"There is no fear in love, but perfect love casts out fear, because fear has torment.
He that feareth is not made perfect in love.
" Maybe I was quoting it wrong.
99%.
If it says it right there, I was quoting it wrong.
99.
9%.
It's not that the Bible is wrong; I'm wrong.
It's the translation.
Which one is it?
King James, NIV?
I don't know what I memorized.
Go back up there, baby.
"There is no fear in love, but perfect love casts out fear, because fear has torment.
He that feareth is not made perfect in love.
" That's what I was trying to say.
King James Version, right?
First John.
I'm not going to be afraid.
I'm not going to be dismayed, for He is with me wherever I go.
That's Joshua 1:9, I believe.
But I believe that God's hand is on us.
And that's what you just have to say out of your mouth: "Fear has torment.
I'm not going to be tormented.
" Yep, there it is.
It's Joshua 1:9: "Have I not commanded you?
Be strong and courageous.
Do not be afraid.
Do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go.
" He'll be with me wherever I go.
I'm not going to be discouraged.
"Have I not commanded you?
" He commanded.
It wasn't a suggestion.
That's why I say it wasn't a suggestion; He commanded you.
"Be strong.
Be courageous.
Do not be afraid.
Do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go.
" Think about that.
He is with me.
He is in me.
He's around me.
He is with me wherever I go.
I will not be tormented by fear, for fear has torment.
My Father loves me.
What are you going to do now?
Where are you going to go?
What are you going to do?
I'm not going to be tormented, because fear has torment.
See, torment has to have a decision.
"Lord, why are you not there?
" Do you see what I'm saying?
That's how you combat this.
It's fear.
Fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
Don't allow your faith to be contaminated with fear.
What am I going to do?
I have to have a decision.
"Have I not commanded you?
Be strong and courageous.
" That's a warrior.
"Do not be afraid.
Do not be discouraged.
" Don't be down and out.
Don't be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go.
He's with you.
My Father loves me.
He is with me.
He's around me.
He is in me.
Do you get it?
You got to be a believing believer that holds fast to the Word of God.
Find scriptures that pertain to what you're going through.
"If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.
" If you don't have scripture to back it, the prayer is like saying, "Twinkle, twinkle, little star.
" Word-backed prayer gets results.
"Have I not commanded you?
" What am I gonna do?
What am I going to do?
Don't be discouraged.
Be strong and courageous.
Do not be afraid, and do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go.
So I already know that He is with me.
And I'm not going to be discouraged.
I'm not going to be dismayed.
I'm not going to let the spirit of fear torment me.
Torment.
Fear has torment.
I'm not going to be in fear.
I'm not going to walk in fear.
I'm going to be bold.
Why?
Because I'm not walking alone.
I'm not walking alone.
"Do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go.
" Why?
Because God's with me.
My Father loves me.
I'm not going to allow fear to be tolerated and faith be contaminated anymore.
I'm going to stand, and I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the Word of God says.
Why?
Because, "Have I not commanded you?
Be strong and courageous.
Do not be afraid.
Do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go.
" So, I can't make a wrong choice, right?
Because I'm going to let Him be the captain of my ship.
I'm trusting confidently in the finished work of Jesus Christ, and it guarantees me victory in whatever I'm believing for.
I'm standing confidently in the finished work of Jesus Christ, and that guarantees you victory.
It guarantees me victory.
I'm no longer a begging believer; I'm a believing believer.
You got to get out of begging and start believing, and be a believing believer in these last days.
I am courageous.
I am not afraid.
I will not be dismayed.
I am looking, because He is with me wherever I go.
That's the only way you're going to get out of that.
That's the only way you're going to get it, is meditating on things like that.
You got to put that inside you.
Joshua 1:9, you got to put it down in your heart, and you got to put it down inside.
You got to keep meditating on it, muttering it.
Get it in your mind and renew your mind.
Renew your mind.
And when that fear, that tormenting spirit comes back with fear saying, "Well, you haven't got an answer yet.
You don't got it.
" No, no, no, no.
I'm trusting in You.
I'm trusting confidently in You.
I'm not going to let the spirit of fear torment me anymore.
Fear has torment.
Well, what do you do with it?
Perfect love casts fear out the door.
It kicks fear in the butt and gets it out the door.
Get out of my house, fear!
Perfect love casts out all fear.
Why?
What is that perfect love?
My Father loves me.
Perfect love casts out the fear.
What is that?
My Father loves me with an everlasting love.
I refuse to fear today.
I will not be tormented because I'm strong and courageous.
He's already commanded.
It wasn't a suggestion.
He didn't say, "You know, I think it'd be a good idea.
" He said, "I am commanding you.
" Have you ever been commanded to do this?
"I command you to go and do this and that.
" No, "I'm commanding.
" What is He telling you?
"I command you.
Have I not commanded you?
Have I not told you?
I didn't give you an ultimatum.
I told you to be strong and courageous, son, daughter.
Do not be afraid.
" It wasn't a suggestion.
So many people take it as a suggestion that just maybe if I feel like it.
That's why I try to keep telling you, I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the Word of God says.
And that's why I have to get that inside there.
And I have to remind myself of the same thing all the time because faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
And if you don't keep hearing it and hearing it, it didn't say haven't heard.
It's by hearing and hearing and hearing it again.
Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
Faith comes by hearing and hearing.
Not having heard once.
You've got to hear it.
And the more you hear it, the more you believe it.
For out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
And the more you hear it, the more it's in the abundance of what you're saying out of your mouth.
So then faith, Romans 10:17.
So then faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
Not having heard it.
"Faith comes by seeing a miracle, Brandon.
" No, it doesn't.
That's not what the Bible says.
"Well, if I see somebody raise the dead, I'm going to have great faith.
" That's not what the Bible said.
The Bible says, "So then faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
" Well, boy, I tell you what, you have a visitation with Jesus, and I bet you have great faith.
No, that's not what the Bible says.
The Bible says, "Then faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
" And faith works by love.
It all is a big loop.
It all works together.
But you got to get faith down in your heart by hearing and reading this Bible.
And you got to let it change you from the inside out.
And if you don't, you're going to be stuck in that ditch, laying there and wandering around in the wilderness until you get it changed.
Nobody feels sorry for you.
You're going to have to understand that.
You can feel sorry for yourself and wallow around in self-pity, or you can get inside the word of God, and the word of God will change you.
How bad do you want your life to change?
I learned a long time ago, people don't care.
They don't feel sorry for you.
The only one that cares about you is the Lord.
People can say, "Oh well, you know, I really care about you.
" But really, the bottom line is you've got to get the word of God.
How bad do you want your life to change for yourself?
No matter how your mom feels or what your dad feels, oh, I don't need pity.
I don't need sympathy.
I want to change, and I want to go from glory to glory.
How bad do you want it?
And the only thing that's ever going to change you is the word of God.
Out of the abundance of your heart, the mouth will speak.
What you're speaking out of your mouth today is what you've been meditating on yesterday.
Did you hear what I said?
What you're speaking out right now is what you were meditating on yesterday.
Faith comes, and you must feed it.
Feed it, and it will change you.
Out of the overflow and the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
What's in overflow in your heart?
People don't want to hear it, but it's what you've been feeding on.
If you've been feeding on The View, or Oprah, or General Hospital, or whatever they have now—Jerry Springer back in the day—you're feeding on that.
Garbage in, garbage out.
The more you get that word down inside of you, it's going to change you from the inside out.
Out of the overflow, out of the abundance of the heart, your mouth is going to start speaking to your circumstances.
And whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them.
That's Mark 11:24.
Find that one.
I don't want to quote it wrong.
But as it flows out of this, as you say it out of your mouth, your tongue—and people are snared by the words of their mouth.
You got to get it down in your heart is what I'm trying to tell y'all.
And so, how bad do you want it?
"For assuredly I say to you," Mark 11:23, Brother Hagin's favorite verse.
"For assuredly I say to you, whoever says to this mountain, be removed and be cast into the sea, and does not doubt in his heart, but believes that those things he says will be done, he will have whatever he says.
Therefore I say to you, whatever things you ask when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you will have them.
" But it's out of the overflow of the heart.
See, it's all connected, but it's all connected to your tongue.
What are you saying?
I'm going to say out of my mouth good things.
I hear my Father, and I'm going to be strong and courageous tonight.
So I pray you are too.
We're so thankful that you joined us tonight.
But I want to ask you, none of that matters if you don't know Him and you don't have Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
All of this is falling on deaf ears because the only way you know Him is by confessing Him as your Lord and personal Savior, by asking Him to forgive you of your sins, to change you, and to cleanse you of all your unrighteousness.
That's the only way you'll know Him.
You must invite Him in and let Him be wall-to-wall inside of you.
Take your life over.
But I'm going to ask you tonight.
You say, "Brandon, I don't know Jesus.
I don't have a relationship with Him.
If I were to die tonight, I don't know where I would spend eternity.
" Well, I'm going to tell you real quick.
If you don't know Him, you don't have a relationship, and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, if you die tonight, you'll spend eternity in hell.
You must know Jesus Christ, and you must confess Him as your Lord.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
And I'm going to tell you, there are many of you that are this close to stepping into eternity and never knowing Jesus, and you're going to spend eternity in hell.
But tonight, you can be assured of your salvation.
You can be assured that as you lay your head on that pillow, having a blessed assurance, Jesus is mine.
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine.
I believe that tonight is your night to know for certain: "If I die tonight, I know I will spend eternity with my Jesus.
" Don't question it, and don't gamble anymore with your eternity.
I don't know what tomorrow brings for you.
None of us do.
But I can assure you, if you do die and you don't confess Jesus as your Lord and Savior and you don't know Him, I know what the Bible says, and the Bible says that you'll spend eternity in hell.
But if you confess Him and you say, "Jesus, change me, cleanse me.
I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior.
I believe You are the Son of God.
" The moment you believe it, the moment you say it out of your heart, I believe that your name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
And you'll spend eternity with Him in paradise forever.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord the moment you say it and confess Him.
"I need You.
I can't do this without You.
" It's not hard.
A five-year-old could say it and mean it with all their heart and get saved.
He didn't make it where it's only for adults.
He made it even for a little kid.
That's how bad He wanted you.
For God so loved the world, John 3:16.
Are you a whosoever?
I have to ask you.
Because He said, "For whosoever.
" Put it up there so they can see it.
John 3:16.
I want them to be able to see it with their eyes.
Are you a whosoever?
For God, here it is.
John 3:16: "For God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.
" Are you a whosoever?
Are you?
I'm a whosoever.
But I have to ask you, are you the whosoever tonight?
Believe in Him.
You shall not perish, but you will have everlasting life.
John 3:16.
It's quoted all over the place.
People have it on bumper stickers and everything else, but that's the basis, the bottom line.
That's your ticket to heaven.
You must believe.
Are you a whosoever?
So tonight I want to ask you, do you know my Friend?
And if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
It's your time.
This is your time.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
You want to know my Friend.
Do you want to know Him?
I'm just going to say a simple prayer for you, but I want you to repeat it after me.
And I want you to say it with all your heart.
I believe the moment you do, you're born again, and you'll be with Him in paradise, just like the thief on the cross.
Tonight's your night.
Say, "Jesus.
" Oh, but I want you to say in the comment section, "Tonight's my night.
I want to be saved.
" You've got to do it.
As we get ready to close this up tonight, I want you to say it.
It's never too late.
You must say it, but I want you to say it and be bold about it and say, "Tonight's my night.
I want to get saved.
" Say, "Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I am a sinner, and I need a Savior.
Forgive me of my sins.
I confess my sins before You, Jesus.
Tonight, I turn my back on the world, the devil, and the sin that I was doing.
And from this day forward, I'm sold out to You, Jesus.
I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me.
I believe You rose again on the third day.
And Father, I believe You're right now making intercession for me at Your right hand.
Tonight, I sell out to You.
I ask You to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I'll serve You from this day forward with all I have.
I believe that tonight's my fresh new start.
Thank you, Jesus, that I'm saved.
Thank you, Jesus, that I am now born again.
Old things are passed away.
You said, 'Behold, I make all things new.
' I believe that I'm a new creation created in Christ Jesus.
I believe it.
I receive it, and I receive You.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm saved.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm now free.
Amen and amen.
" I believe if you just said that simple little prayer, you are born again.
Now, what do you do?
You find a Bible-believing church.
Get plugged in.
Go there when they have the doors open.
I'd go to a non-denominational church.
That's where my wife and I would go.
Go to a non-denominational church.
Get plugged in there.
Tell that pastor, "I need to be water baptized.
" Get water baptized.
Get plugged in there.
Bible studies, whatever they've got.
Find some new friends.
You may have to find some new friends.
Invite your old friends to come to church.
Easter Sunday.
This is Resurrection Sunday.
Come to church.
Go there and say, "Listen, come with us.
" Usually, they have something really cool going on on Easter to bring in the people.
So go find a new church this weekend.
Get plugged in.
Read a Bible every day.
Pray every day.
Come over here and pray with us.
Watch our videos.
Like, subscribe.
Come over here.
Be a part of our YouTube channel.
We love it.
We're excited you're here.
But if you don't have a Bible, we'll buy you your first Bible for free.
We want to just love on you and congratulate you into the kingdom of God, saying, "Welcome to the best thing that you've ever done.
" I can tell you that.
Accepting Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
We just want to welcome you, give you a Bible, love on you, and tell you welcome to the family.
We won't solicit you for anything else.
It's in the description down below.
There's an email address.
Put in the headline, "I got born again.
Could I have my free Bible?
" We'll send it to you, but we have to have your address, and it will be in the United States only at this time, and for APOs and military bases.
And so we just want to love on you.
We just want to tell you, welcome to the family.
Put your name, please.
Put your name so we know where to send it.
Some people aren't putting their name.
So we just want to love on you and say welcome to the family.
I don't know if there's anybody that got born again tonight, but if there was, we're excited for you.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
He suffered and He died for every single one of us to have a victorious life.
I think there are 21 people!
21 people in the chat got born again tonight.
So, glory to God for all 21 of you tonight in Central Time in America.
21 of you gave your hearts to Jesus Christ.
Welcome to the family, and I'm glad you're here.
To the rest of you, please like, subscribe, and help us with the algorithm by saying something nice down below when this is over.
It boosts us in the algorithm.
Click the like.
Click all the things that you can help us with.
We'll see you again.
We love you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again.
Have a nice night.
Bye-bye.